# PRIORITY
PRIORITY is the acronim of Platform for the tRansition to sustanInable zerO-caRbon mobilITY. 
It is a digital platform for urban mobility as instrument for decision makers. It offers the possibility to aggregate mobility data within traffic zones for analysis of travel demand, polluting emissions, energy consumption and externalities in the metropolitan city of Rome (Italy). The platform has been designed to retrieve mobility insights from Floating Car Data, General (FCD) Transit Feed Specification data (GTFS) and public transport data. 
Built with the Python Flask framework, PRIORITY allows the users to easily explore data through a dashboard together with interactive maps. PRIORITY integrates real-world mobility data with modelled data to enhance the reconstruction of individual travel. In addition, it offers the option to perform online statistics over traffic zones upon a mouse click with the possibility to visualize hourly profiles of several traffic variables as well as polluting emissions, energy consumption and externalities. The platform integrates several functionalities to improve the exploitation of mobility data such as, the possibility to make spatial and temporal aggregations, to compute desire lines between all origins and destinations, to highlight traffic zones crossed by trips originating from a specific zone. Additionally, the PRIORITY platform offers the possibility to retrieve Points of Interests (POI) from the OpenStreetMap database and to show an updated charging network for electric vehicles through the direct connection with Open Charge Map. This work has not the purpose to discuss any mobility related results that will be presented in a separate work.


